Personal
++++++++

DashBoard:
	      Birthday calendar is not showing current date
		  it showing birthday of only one person, it should have scrolling where it should show multple persons birthday if any
		  able to select the date.
		  
		Business Tax and Personal Taxoverview should show current year counts not previous years.

Insert New Data--> Add note Button is not visible
Display of New personal page
				- Camel case needed such as 
				  Marital Status: married to Married
				  others are Gender
				-Notes Section 
				 if date can be adjusted to one single line will good.
				 suggestion: use different format (MM-DD-YY HH:MM:SS)
				-Address
				 Pin Code: All Upper Case. 

				- On click of Open (switch personal profile)
				  The notes section is changing from table to box. 
				  keep in table format.
				- Address display
                  i believe little more spacing between lines will be good. Business can be taken as reference.

Add new business client
				WSIB--On selecting Registered option--it should automatically set to Quarterly (No need of Starting Quarter *)
				Annual Renewal		move it to top
									change the label from Annual Renewal (Federation) to Annual Renewal.
				
Insert Business Data
				-The create tax record button is not visible.
				-Insert busines data--
									Corporation :
				                        the amount should be visible only on Ready for review and Field on options.
										refer the screenshot 1 - not allowing to save the data as confirmation field is not available. 
										Note: The filing date and confirmation is only visible on "Filed on" is selected.
											for ex: When Paperrecieved/In progress is selected on status field following fields be visible
														Tax year, Status, Prepared by , notes
													Ready for review
														Tax year, Status, amount, Prepared by , notes
													Filed on 
														Tax year, Status, amount,Filing Date, Confirmation number(if any),Prepared by , notes
													Confirmation number is not mandatory			
										
									WSIB:
									    No need of Paperrecieved/In progress in Status field.
										"Ready for review" is amount, quarter
										the filing date and amount,Confirmation number should be visible only on Filed on options.
										Confirmation number is not mandatory
										
									Annual_Renewal
										Change the label of Annual_Renewal to Annual Renewal
										On status field- just show filed on 
										No need of Amount, Confirmation fields 
									
										
									Payroll:
                                        On filed on status it is still showing amount. (Needed field Ready for review & Filed on )
										On filed on status the filing date should be visible.
										Confirmation number is not mandatory										
										
				-Insert busines data-- Notes Tab to be removed as Corporation, HST,WSIB, annual has it.
				
				Display view (Business)
								The open button for notes and files is not visible
								if possible shareholder and Related business would be shifted to bottom after Taxes will be good.
								
- Notes edit or delete option should be given only Admin
-Delete option should not visible for users except admin.
-HST Document upload is not working. 
-I'm not clear with Screnshot 2.


				